Then out
The emperor loved the four pillars at first sight.
That she's the reincarnation of the late queen's eldest grandson.
Wow.
Replacement
How likely do I think she is?
It's just someone else's shadow.
That's funny.
Sister, this seedling has no weight in the emperor's bosom.
Why don't we get rid of her together?
The general of the northern town will return to the court in three days.
My brother was instrumental in defeating the enemy.
Three days later, the emperor would throw a big party for him.
Right.
This party.
It is the best time to destroy the Four Horcruxes.
Color red
Back to the palace.
I want to write to my brother.
Let him help me.
Sister, slow down.
Amitabha Buddha
Don't worry.
I'll help you become queen.
Thank you.
Your Majesty, I have heard that you are very well-liked.
I don't know if I'll be lucky enough to see your face.
Your Majesty, the Queen's wife has been ill recently.
Scared.
Your Majesty.
He has served the country for many years.
Defeat many invading enemies
This congratulates the lady, even this point of the nose is not for me...
It's cold.
General Zhen Bac is the national god
What's going on?
Tell him to get out of here.
Yes.
Your Majesty, I'm here.
Fairy
The fairy has come down to earth.